The wife forced you to sign that agreement today
Song Yuanjiang said
15 years ago, you saved the young master with your kidney
I just found out.
Miss is still alive
She is the real Miss Song
Then since you know everything
Why didn't you say anything?
I can't do that.
If I did
The wife may not believe it
Grandpa will definitely not let me go
Then why are you telling me this?
Koi is what I repay
I couldn't bear to watch Koi helplessly
He was killed by them in such a confused manner
Thank you for your conversion
It's you who let me know why I'm alive
Good intentions life and death
Take this.
What is this?
Here is the evidence of the master's crime
If the lady takes him to the police
The lord is finished